- [Instructor] Once we've built out our API implementation,
we'll need to package the API for deployment to a server.
Luckily, we're using Maven,
which makes it extremely easy to package our software.
Just right-click on your project
and then go to Run As,
then Maven build.
Within the dialogue box,
we need to specify two Maven goals.
So, specify the clean goal
and then the package goal.
We'll also need to select the Skip Test option
and then we need to ensure
that we're running our Maven build
using a JDK.
To do this, click on the JRE tab
and then click on Alternate JRE.
You'll notice we're set up to run with a JRE,
so we can go to this installed JREs button
and here we can add a JDK.
So click on Standard VM
and then hit Next
and now we'll use the Directory button
to search for our JDK.
My JDK is installed within
C:\ProgramFiles\Java\jdk1.8.0_211.
All I need to do is select this folder
and Eclipse will load the JDK.
Then we need to click on the JDK
in order to use it within our Run configuration
and then make sure we select it
as the Alternate JRE.
Okay, at this point we can apply those changes
and run our Maven build
and Maven will begin to package our software.
There we see that our build has succeeded
and if we navigate
to our Eclipse Workspace
and into our project,
you'll see the Target Directory
where we now have a JAR file
that contains our packaged API.